# # OrderCampaign

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **string** | The campaign&#39;s ID returned by GrabFood upon campaign creation. | [optional]
**name** | **string** | The name of the campaign. This campaign name has been automatically generated by Grab for display in the customer app. | [optional]
**campaign_name_for_mex** | **string** | The campaign name provided by the merchant in [Create Campaign](#tag/create-campaign). Whitelist required, reach out to your integration manager. | [optional]
**level** | **string** | The campaign level. | [optional]
**type** | **string** | The type of campaign. | [optional]
**usage_count** | **int** | The redemption count of same campaign in this order. | [optional]
**mex_funded_ratio** | **int** | The ratio funded by the merchant in percentage. | [optional]
**deducted_amount** | **int** | The total discount amount in minor unit format applied to the order based on the campaign&#39;s usage count. The amount is rounded to the nearest value for &#x60;VND&#x60;, &#x60;IDR&#x60;, and &#x60;THB&#x60;, as decimals are not supported.  &#x60;&#x60;&#x60; deductedAmount &#x3D; Item price(tax inclusive) * 20% discount | 2375*0.2&#x3D;475 | [optional]
**deducted_part** | **string** | The part that the campaign is applied. | [optional]
**applied_item_ids** | **string[]** | An array of item IDs that get discount under this campaign. &#x60;null&#x60; if no item applied in this campaign. | [optional]
**free_item** | [**\Grab\GrabfoodApiSdk\Model\OrderFreeItem**](OrderFreeItem.md) |  | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
